Make content scope control searchable (#1048)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/shaggy-cherries-design.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": minor
---

> This change adds an optional content scope filter. This is useful if you have a very long list of different content scopes, that you cannot separate. To use it add 'searchable: true' to your ContentScopeProvider. (See how it is done in demo/admin/src/common/ContentScopeProvider.tsx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support to search values in content scope controls. Add `searchable: true` to a control's config to make it searchable. See [ContentScopeProvider](demo/admin/src/common/ContentScopeProvider.tsx) for an example
```
